Uncle, I have a way for you to hold on.
Come for me, why?
My sister in the house is still waiting for me.
Hey, Dragon, why are you going?
What's wrong with Shen Lang?
What does the phone do for me?
Your phone is a personal item.
Hey, hey.
Let me out!
You're just expecting something to happen to me.
If I have nothing tonight
I have a job tomorrow.
He's paying attention to me.
Don't allow him to contact the outside world.
If he dares to run...
Wet his feet.
Shen Lang, what the hell are you doing?
Let me go.
Let go!
Let's see what else you're relying on this time.
Hey brother, what are you doing with Zhang Liang? We are still waiting for your birthday.
Come back.
I have something very important to do tonight.
I'll be back first.
You're not coming back, are you?
The beauties in the other room I can laugh alone.
Zhang Liang, Zhang Liang.
Of course it's you.